README.md, before:

# Dark Graph
![build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/EcoBuilder13/dark-graph/Actions?logo=github&style=for-the-badge)

A client mod that changes the debug frame graphs to use a dark theme. To access the frame graphs hold `alt` then press `F3`. If you are connected to a dedicated server you will not see the graph on the right as it's the TPS graph and is not sent to the client. If you would like to see it on you client you can install [Server Tick](https://modrinth.com/mod/servertick) on the server if it runs Fabric. Once you have done that all OPed players with Server Tick installed will be able to see it. You can also configure Server Tick to send it to all clients with the mod installed.

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68478692/150698721-4bc8adae-b9b4-44a2-b741-2b72d5c80e46.png)


## Compatibility
This mod should work with almost any other mod unless if it modifies the part of the code this mod interfaces. Compatibility has been tested with other mods such as [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium) and [Better F3](https://modrinth.com/mod/betterf3). If you run into issues please report it on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/EcoBuilder13/dark-graph/issues).

## FAQ

- Can you port to Forge?

    - No, read the [notice](https://modrinth.com/mod/dashloader).
- Can you port to another version?

    - I will only port to newer versions of the game. All releases have their version limited to all minor releases of the current major version when released.

Commit message:

Add inspiration section to the readme

README.md, after:

# Dark Graph
![build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/EcoBuilder13/dark-graph/Actions?logo=github&style=for-the-badge)

A client mod that changes the debug frame graphs to use a dark theme. To access the frame graphs hold `alt` then press `F3`. If you are connected to a dedicated server you will not see the graph on the right as it's the TPS graph and is not sent to the client. If you would like to see it on you client you can install [Server Tick](https://modrinth.com/mod/servertick) on the server if it runs Fabric. Once you have done that all OPed players with Server Tick installed will be able to see it. You can also configure Server Tick to send it to all clients with the mod installed.

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68478692/150698721-4bc8adae-b9b4-44a2-b741-2b72d5c80e46.png)


## Inspiration
This mod was inspired by an ~~mistake~~ intentional design choice made by FoundationGames when making a [promotional image](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/806436354799173663/840112305928011776/enhanced_bells.png) for his mod [Enhanced Block Entities](https://modrinth.com/mod/ebe).

## Compatibility
This mod should work with almost any other mod unless if it modifies the part of the code this mod interfaces. Compatibility has been tested with other mods such as [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium) and [Better F3](https://modrinth.com/mod/betterf3). If you run into issues please report it on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/EcoBuilder13/dark-graph/issues).

## FAQ

- Can you port to Forge?

    - No, read the [notice](https://modrinth.com/mod/dashloader).
- Can you port to another version?

    - I will only port to newer versions of the game. All releases have their version limited to all minor releases of the current major version when released.
